magento/devdocs#: Cloud. `magento-cloud db:dump` command (#5453)
magento/devdocs: _includes/cloud/backup-db.md

    magento-cloud db:dump
    ```

    {: .bs-callout-info }

>     `magento-cloud db:dump` command does not lock tables within creating dump operation because it runs [mysqldump](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysqldump.html) with a `--single-transaction` flag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `magento-cloud db:dump` command runs the [mysqldump](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysqldump.html) command with the `--single-transaction` flag, which  allows you to back up your database without locking the tables.
```

Author: **implemented**

Thank you, @meker12 !
